gh-146196: Fix potential Undefined Behavior in _PyUnicodeWriter_WriteASCIIString (#146201)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2026-03-20-13-55-14.gh-issue-146196.Zg70Kb.rst

> Fix potential Undefined Behavior in _PyUnicodeWriter_WriteASCIIString() by

Reviewer: You can mention the public C API instead:

```suggestion
Fix potential Undefined Behavior in :c:func:`PyUnicodeWriter_WriteASCII` by
```

adding a zero-length check and using memmove() instead of memcpy(). Patch by

> Shamil Abdulaev.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
adding a zero-length check. Patch by Shamil Abdulaev.
```
